this is written 60 a one-minute recap
for all you time crunched fans it was a
week before Wembley which meant that no
one wanted to leave the Strictly
Ballroom the nine couples tried to
Foxtrot you're starting to take all my
boxers well done jive thought energy is
fantastic your confidence is growing I
really feel that and cha-cha-cha into
the judges good books the national rail
have bank holidays got a bit of timing
but it was hairy an alley owner who
secured the first double ten of the
sings landing them at the top of the
leaderboard with arsons taking a break
from the competition due to a back
injury it was up to Brendan to step into
the champions dancing shoes I am loving
this new partnership dancing duo gave it
their all but one couple found
themselves out for the count oddly and
naturally next week the show is live
from Wembley and we'll be keeping you
up-to-date with its entire Strictly
makeover right here at BBC top coat at
UK forward slash Strictly